README.md, before:

# Odysseus

Odysseus is your friendly DNS pathfinder.

## Description

Odysseus is designed to update a list of [Cloudflare](https://cloudflare.com) _DNS A Records_ with your ISP Dynamic IP Address. The app reads the config from a `yaml` file, queries the Cloudflare API and if the content of each record has changed (i.e. the content of the DNS record != your IPS public IP), it'll go ahead and update it for you.

If you wrap this tool in a crontab, you might be all set to host your website/blog on a cluster of Raspberry Pi's.

## How to use it

First things first, download the `odysseus` binary:

```bash
echo "Instructions on how to download the binary here"
```

In the same directory where odysseus was downloaded, create a file called `cloudflare.yml`:

```bash
cat <<EOF > ./cloudflare.yml
cloudflare:
  zone_name: example.com
  email: user@example.com
  api_key: cloudflareapikeygoeshere
  records:
    - www.example.com
    - api.example.com
EOF
```

To establish a connection with Cloudflare, you need the `email` address you use to log in and the `api_key` which can be found in `My Profile` > `API Tokens` > `Global API Key`. Ensure that the rest of the details (`zone_name` and `records`) are correct too.

Now that your config is ready, simply type:

```bash
./odysseus
```

Alternatively, the config file can be stored elsewhere with a different name; if so, ensure to pass the appropriate flags when running the binary:

```bash
./odysseus -config-name someName.yml -config-path /path/to/config/file
```

Commit message:

start shaping pipeline (#4)
* start shaping pipeline

* fix pipeline adding steps

* fix stage name

* add test job

* add dependencies

* add more test arguments

* add display name

* use system default working directory

* mrege jobs

* setup go workspace

* remove stages because of workspace changes

* add build stage

* fix syntax

* use script instead of go task

* add correct build path

* install goreleaser

* add goreleaser file

* add before hooks

* add checksum's algorithm

* add goreleaser step

* add goreleaser full path

* use system default working directory

* debug

* do proper goreleaser installation

* use sudo

* add snapshot flag

* add main file to root

* remove main attribute

* remove cmd folder

* add pipeline status badge

* run snapshot release on non-master branches

* fix typos in README

* use release command

* remove bin folder

* checkout code to specific path

* Revert "checkout code to specific path"

This reverts commit bbd58eaad5ab1de40f7113d8a242d680ec91fc55.

* rewrite pipeline

* run snapshot instead of release on non-master branches

* add tags trigger and new step

* fix indentation

* fix typo

* add tags to pr triggers

* Revert "add tags to pr triggers"

This reverts commit 38e85f1b61592477798d5025b58dca9c16699b41.

* add new tag trigger

* tag trigger

* use better condition

* add github  token

* remove github token ref

* map github token

* debug: echo github token

* Revert "debug: echo github token"

This reverts commit 83eb6292651c5c3321e8beffeb83edd49978eed6.

* echo token

* expose github token

* change template name

* add download instructions

* run tests

* polish pipeline

README.md, after:

# Odysseus

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/darkraiden/Odysseus/_apis/build/status/darkraiden.odysseus?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/darkraiden/Odysseus/_build/latest?definitionId=2&branchName=master)

Odysseus is your friendly DNS pathfinder.

## Description

Odysseus is designed to update a list of [Cloudflare](https://cloudflare.com) _DNS A Records_ with your ISP Dynamic IP Address. The app reads the config from a `YAML` file, queries the Cloudflare API and if the content of each record has changed (i.e. the content of the DNS record != your IPS public IP), it'll go ahead and update it for you.

If you wrap this tool in a crontab, you might be all set to host your website/blog on a cluster of Raspberry Pis.

## How to use it

First things first, download the `odysseus` binary:

```bash
mdir -p /opt/odysseus && cd /opt/odysseus
wget https://github.com/darkraiden/odysseus/releases/download/v0.4/odysseus_<version>_<Linux|Darwin>_<i386|x86_64>.tar.gz
tar zxvf odysseus_<version>_<Linux|Darwin>_<i386|x86_64>.tar.gz
rm odysseus_<version>_<Linux|Darwin>_<i386|x86_64>.tar.gz
```

In the same directory where odysseus was downloaded, create a file called `cloudflare.yml`:

```bash
cat <<EOF > ./cloudflare.yml
cloudflare:
  zone_name: example.com
  email: user@example.com
  api_key: cloudflareapikeygoeshere
  records:
    - www.example.com
    - api.example.com
EOF
```

To establish a connection with Cloudflare, you need the `email` address you use to log in and the `api_key` which can be found in `My Profile` > `API Tokens` > `Global API Key`. Ensure that the rest of the details (`zone_name` and `records`) are correct too.

Now that your config is ready, simply type:

```bash
./odysseus
```

Alternatively, the config file can be stored elsewhere with a different name; if so, ensure to pass the appropriate flags when running the binary:

```bash
./odysseus -config-name someName.yml -config-path /path/to/config/file
```
